---
layout: post
title: We
---

Oh do you know what we have done?

The moments. The hours spent in bliss.

We skated through the summer night to get high on the heavenly blue park bench, screaming of joy without making a sound, and looked up to the rising orange moon as we pushed forward to the unreachable destination we desired all our lives.

Made love underneath the dark endless sky, feeling everything, and lost ourselves in our sensations, no thoughts in our minds.

We walked like drunk bums across the empty roads, talking philosophy.

We hid from our parents, running away from everything we couldn’t see, paranoid about the world of concepts and thoughts.

Started riots at small parties full of squares, hating everybody all we had to do was go go go, go on forever.

We were thrown at with sad bottles full of beer, feeling like we could do anything, seeing how beautiful it all is.

We spent nights exploring small towns, smoking, talking madly about the wonders of life, feeling words on our cold skin.

Melting our bodies, feeling nothing, surrendering to the void. Oh „turn off your mind, relax and float downstream“.

We experienced a thousand years in 4 hours, knowing no time.

We sank into my bed, colors dripping from the wall, hallucinating Blake-like visions on the ceiling, died and were reborn.

We broke into old hospitals, rushing through the rotten rooms in search of ourselves.

Sat on high mountains, staring into the night illuminated by yellow streetlights, feeling like the world belonged to us.


Where we were there was no death, only the night before the next day.
The only light in the darkness being our eternally burning cigarettes.

Oh Sisyphus, forever in the underworld, finding heaven in going on.

It never ended, it never will.
